README.md, before:

# NetflixCE

A modified cheat engine created exclusively for the purpose of injecting into Roblox, a reformed tool that bypasses previous Cheat Engine (CE) detections, enabling successful script injection. Please note that CE is limited to thread identity 2 as it runs via localscripts, but it can handle substantial scripts such as Infinite Yield. An internal executor is also provided to enhance your exploiting experience. It's important to clarify that a tool located in the player's backpack is required for injection. This is because the script runs through the LocalScript parented to the tool.

## Information after Patch

**Every single CE cheat is patched. The only way to exploit on roblox is Mobile or Mac.**

# Tutorial

First of all, Download NCE itself in the [releases](https://github.com/IShade4Real/NetflixCE/releases) tab.

Once NCE was downloaded, join the game link below and enter the game id you wish to join. Once teleported, open Netflix and a custom UI should pop up. Click Inject (Make sure a tool is located in your backpack) and wait for the lua engine to finish scanning memory addresses. Once the local script has been found, it should output "Injecting Successful!".

**DO NOT USE YOUR MAIN ACCOUNT. THERES A RISK OF GETTING BANNED IF YOU EXPOSE YOURSELF!!!**
 
[Baseplate game](https://www.roblox.com/games/16161951274/Baseplate)

## Built-in Scripts

To load infinite yield, run _G.IY() on the internal exec and click execute.

To load Dex Explorer, run _G.dex() on the internal executor and click execute.

to load Auto Parry, run _G.autoparry on the internal exec and click execute. (used for Blade Ball)

to load Lumber Tycoon money farm, run _G.lt()

to load Prison Life Admin Script, run _G.prisonlife()

to load Kohls Admin House script, run _G.CMDY()

(The uwp-client works but isn't 100% functional, your experience may be different but if you do experience any problems, look into the Troubleshooting page. If you have an error that is NOT listed, check the [Unlisted Errors page](https://github.com/IShade4Real/NetflixCE/?tab=readme-ov-file#unlisted-errors)

## Credits

For privacy reasons i cant say who am i. Just remember me as "Shade"

I am not the original creator of this exploit. All credits go to Jotunn.

I am not Jotunn. I only saved NCE and re-uploadded it after it was deleted from github due to Rune. I made this account ONLY for the purpose of re-uploading NCE.

Unfortunately NCE was discontinued, but ill still keep it updated till its patched.

# Q/A

Q: Will this ban me from roblox?

A: No, unless you use the Web version of Roblox.


Q: Are you the original creator of NCE?

A: No. I also cant say who am i, And no. Im not IShade4ReaI alternative account.


Q: Help! I met an error ... And i dont know what to do!

A: Check if the error is in Troubleshooting page. Theres an fix according to the error you've got.

## Unlisted Errors

**If you encounter an error NOT listed in the Troubleshooting page, please report it in the Issues page. Include the following information:**

**Your Windows version:**

**Error you get:**

**Roblox version (UWP or Web):**

**Screenshot:**

**How to reproduce the error (step by step):**

# Troubleshooting (Known issues & fixes)

## Missing DLL Error

Occurs when you try to run something that requires a specific DLL.

**Fix: Download the missing DLL thru dll-files.com: "*MISSING DLL NAME*.dll download" and put it inside System32.**

**Alternative Fix: Download all the Microsoft redistributables starting from 2022 ending with 2015.**

## Roblox crashing after injecting

After injecting into roblox, you might crash. This is common as NCE is pretty buggy but mostly stable on the UWP Version.

**Fix: Rejoin thru the baseplate game or Reinstall NCE**

## Error:attempt to index a nil value (local 'targetScript')

This occurs when NCE cant find LocalScript inside the tool you're holding.

**Fix: Equip a tool that has a LocalScript. (if you want to deflect auto-injecting a random tool, equip and unequip it quickly.)**

## After injecting, it shows "Error:attempt to index a nil value (local 'targetScript')" but i didnt equip the tool

It automatically tries to get the tool's LocalScript and inject the code. Thats why it bugs.

**Fix: Try rejoining through the Baseplate game, it is impossible to fix that due to how NCE inject works.**

## After i join and inject, it shows me a error WITH "Got tool: ...." but outputs a roblox.lua error.

Sometimes NCE is buggy. This is normal.

**Fix: Rejoin/Re-launch UWP Roblox to fix this. (if you keep getting the same error, reinstall NCE or Roblox).**

## After launching Roblox UWP and NCE, i cant join games / cant do ...

Probably just how Cheat Engine reads the application data and makes it bug.

**Fix: Close NCE, Restart UWP, When you're ready to join a game just open NCE and proceed.**

Commit message:

CE exploits are completely patched
i will be discontinuing NCE because its impossible to bypass byfron via ce now

README.md, after:

# NetflixCE

A modified cheat engine created exclusively for the purpose of injecting into Roblox, a reformed tool that bypasses previous Cheat Engine (CE) detections, enabling successful script injection. Please note that CE is limited to thread identity 2 as it runs via localscripts, but it can handle substantial scripts such as Infinite Yield. An internal executor is also provided to enhance your exploiting experience. It's important to clarify that a tool located in the player's backpack is required for injection. This is because the script runs through the LocalScript parented to the tool.

## Byfron 14.02.2024

**Roblox has patched the ability for CE to use WriteByte and ReadBytes which is how NCE works. All CE exploits are currently dead and wont work. (This may be the end of CE exploiting because its super hard to bypass Byfron)**

## How do i exploit after February 14th?

Download an Emulator and use Mobile exploits there. I will list some of them:
### Emulators
[LDPlayer](https://www.ldplayer.net/versions)

[MuMuPlayer](https://www.mumuplayer.com/index.html)

[Bluestacks](https://www.bluestacks.com/bluestacks-5.html)
### Exploits
[Fluxus](https://fluxteam.net) -- ${{\color{green}{\textsf{  Safest\ And\ Trusted\}}}}\$

[Valyse](https://valyse.best/) -- ${{\color{cyan}{\textsf{  New\}}}}\$

[Delta](https://deltaexploits.net) -- ${{\color{green}{\textsf{  Safe\ And\ Trusted\}}}}\$

[Hydrogen](https://hydrogen.sh) -- ${{\color{red}{\textsf{  MAY\ BE\ MALWARE!\ USE\ AT\ YOUR\ OWN\ RISK\}}}}\$

[Codex](https://www.codex.lol) -- ${{\color{red}{\textsf{  MAY\ BE\ MALWARE!\ USE\ AT\ YOUR\ OWN\ RISK\}}}}\$

[Delta Windows (PAID)](https://deltaexploits.mysellix.io) -- ${{\color{aqua}{\textsf{  NEW\ AND\ EXTERNAL!\}}}}\$
# Tutorial

First of all, Download NCE itself in the [releases](https://github.com/IShade4Real/NetflixCE/releases) tab.

Once NCE was downloaded, join the game link below and enter the game id you wish to join. Once teleported, open Netflix and a custom UI should pop up. Click Inject (Make sure a tool is located in your backpack) and wait for the lua engine to finish scanning memory addresses. Once the local script has been found, it should output "Injecting Successful!".

**DO NOT USE YOUR MAIN ACCOUNT. THERES A RISK OF GETTING BANNED IF YOU EXPOSE YOURSELF!!!**
 
[Baseplate game](https://www.roblox.com/games/16161951274/Baseplate)

## Built-in Scripts

To load infinite yield, run _G.IY() on the internal exec and click execute.

To load Dex Explorer, run _G.dex() on the internal executor and click execute.

to load Auto Parry, run _G.autoparry on the internal exec and click execute. (used for Blade Ball)

to load Lumber Tycoon money farm, run _G.lt()

to load Prison Life Admin Script, run _G.prisonlife()

to load Kohls Admin House script, run _G.CMDY()

(The uwp-client works but isn't 100% functional, your experience may be different but if you do experience any problems, look into the Troubleshooting page. If you have an error that is NOT listed, check the [Unlisted Errors page](https://github.com/IShade4Real/NetflixCE/?tab=readme-ov-file#unlisted-errors)

## Credits

For privacy reasons i cant say who am i. Just remember me as "Shade"

I am not the original creator of this exploit. All credits go to Jotunn.

I am not Jotunn. I only saved NCE and re-uploadded it after it was deleted from github due to Rune. I made this account ONLY for the purpose of re-uploading NCE.

Unfortunately NCE was discontinued, but ill still keep it updated till its patched.

# Q/A

Q: Will this ban me from roblox?

A: No, unless you use the Web version of Roblox.


Q: Are you the original creator of NCE?

A: No. I also cant say who am i, And no. Im not IShade4ReaI alternative account.


Q: Help! I met an error ... And i dont know what to do!

A: Check if the error is in Troubleshooting page. Theres an fix according to the error you've got.

## Unlisted Errors

**If you encounter an error NOT listed in the Troubleshooting page, please report it in the Issues page. Include the following information:**

**Your Windows version:**

**Error you get:**

**Roblox version (UWP or Web):**

**Screenshot:**

**How to reproduce the error (step by step):**

# Troubleshooting (Known issues & fixes)

## Missing DLL Error

Occurs when you try to run something that requires a specific DLL.

**Fix: Download the missing DLL thru dll-files.com: "*MISSING DLL NAME*.dll download" and put it inside System32.**

**Alternative Fix: Download all the Microsoft redistributables starting from 2022 ending with 2015.**

## Roblox crashing after injecting

After injecting into roblox, you might crash. This is common as NCE is pretty buggy but mostly stable on the UWP Version.

**Fix: Rejoin thru the baseplate game or Reinstall NCE**

## Error:attempt to index a nil value (local 'targetScript')

This occurs when NCE cant find LocalScript inside the tool you're holding.

**Fix: Equip a tool that has a LocalScript. (if you want to deflect auto-injecting a random tool, equip and unequip it quickly.)**

## After injecting, it shows "Error:attempt to index a nil value (local 'targetScript')" but i didnt equip the tool

It automatically tries to get the tool's LocalScript and inject the code. Thats why it bugs.

**Fix: Try rejoining through the Baseplate game, it is impossible to fix that due to how NCE inject works.**

## After i join and inject, it shows me a error WITH "Got tool: ...." but outputs a roblox.lua error.

Sometimes NCE is buggy. This is normal.

**Fix: Rejoin/Re-launch UWP Roblox to fix this. (if you keep getting the same error, reinstall NCE or Roblox).**

## After launching Roblox UWP and NCE, i cant join games / cant do ...

Probably just how Cheat Engine reads the application data and makes it bug.

**Fix: Close NCE, Restart UWP, When you're ready to join a game just open NCE and proceed.**
